Unified service tagging for AWS Lambda (#9374)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/installation/ruby.md

1. [Install the Datadog Forwarder if you haven't][2].
2. [Subscribe the Datadog Forwarder to your function's log groups][6].

### Unified Service Tagging

> Although it's optional, we highly recommend tagging you serverless applications with the `env`, `service`, and `version` tags following the [unified service tagging documentation][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although it's optional, Datadog highly recommends tagging you serverless applications with the `env`, `service`, and `version` tags following the [unified service tagging documentation][7].
```
